+++
title = "Towards shared memory consistency models for GPUs"
date = 2013-08-01T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["T. Sorensen", "J. Alglave", "G. Gopalakrishnan", "V. Grover"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication_short = "<b>1st place undergrad SRC </b> in *ICS*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.

abstract = "With the widespread use of graphical processing units (GPUs), it is important to ensure that programmers have a clear understanding of their shared memory consistency model,i.e. what values can be read when issued concurrently with writes. Compared to CPUs, GPUs present different shared memory behavior, and we know of no published formal consistencymodel for them. To fill this void, we establish a formalstate transition model of GPU loads, stores, and fences in the language Murphi [2], and check properties – captured in litmus tests that pertain to ordering and visibility properties – over executions using the Murphi model checker."


# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "files/ics2013.pdf"
url_preprint = "files/ics_preprint2013.pdf"
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = "files/ics_poster2013.pdf"
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""
+++

